1.	Who developed Python Programming Language?
Ans: The Python programming language was developed by Dutch programmer Guido van Rossum.

2.	Which type of Programming does Python support?
Ans: Python supports Object-oriented, Structured and Functional programming.

3.	Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans: Python is case sensitive and it takes uppercase and lowercase characters differently. So it treats the identifiers the same way.

4.	What is the correct extension of the Python file?
Ans: Extension of Python file is .py

5.	Is Python code compiled or interpreted?
Ans: Python is a language that can be both compiled and interpreted, therefore when we run a python programme, it is first compiled and then interpreted line by line.

6.	Name a few blocks of code used to define Python language?
Ans: Class, Function and Module

7.	State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?
Ans: # is used to give single-line comments in python.

8.	Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
Ans: Import sys
         sys.version

9.	Python supports the creation of anonymous function at runtime, using a construct called _________.
Ans: lambda

10.	What does pip stand for python?
Ans: Preferred Installer Program

11.	Mention a few built-in functions in python?
Ans: list(), float(), int(), str(), tuple(), set()

12.	What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python?
Ans: 256 characters

13.	What are the benefits of using Python?
Ans: Easy to code, Easy to Read, Free and Open-Source, Robust, Interpreted

14.	How is memory managed in Python?
Ans: In order to manage memory, Python uses a private heap that contains all of its objects and data structures. 
The Python memory manager is responsible for internal administration of this private heap. 
Different parts of the Python memory manager deal with different elements of dynamic storage management, such as sharing, segmentation, preallocation, or caching.

15.	How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
Ans: Python may be downloaded from https://www.python.org/downloads.
Install it on your PC after that. Use the following command at your command prompt to find the place where Python is installed on your computer: cmd python.
Once there, add a new variable with the name PYTHON NAME and paste the copied path in the advanced system settings.
Then find the path variable, click on its value, and choose modify.
If it isn't already there, put a semicolon at the end of the value before typing %PYTHON HOME%.

16.	Is indentation required in python?
Ans: Python requires indentation to define blocks of statements.
